<x-vars video-size=hide lang=en>
## Little Red Riding Hood

*I*
Once upon a time, there lived a little girl whom everyone called Little Red Riding Hood, because she often wore a red hood. She lived with her mom and dad. She was very nice, so everyone liked her.

One day, her mom said:

– Sweetheart, grandma is sick. Take her this basket with cake and juice. But go straight along the forest path and don’t talk to strangers, okay?

– Okay, mommy – replied the girl, took the basket and went to grandma’s.

She was walking peacefully through the forest. Suddenly she saw red, juicy berries and really wanted to eat them. She picked one, then another, a third… and forgot about the path.

She went deeper into the forest.

And then… the wolf appeared!

– Where are you going, little girl? – he asked, trying to speak in a nice voice.

– I’m going to grandma’s – answered Little Red Riding Hood. – Grandma is sick. I’m bringing her cake and juice.

– Ohhh, that’s very nice – said the wolf and smiled. – And where does grandma live?

– In a little house, behind the big oak, at the end of the path.

– Well, well… – said the wolf, looking toward the forest. – A lonely, sick grandma… What a pity.

The girl looked at him with slight unease.

– Mommy said not to talk to strangers – she added.

– Of course, mommy is right! – the wolf smiled. – I just… like to help. Maybe I’ll visit your grandma too. I wish her good health!

And before Little Red Riding Hood could say anything, the wolf disappeared into the bushes. He ran quickly, taking a shortcut, because he knew the forest well. He wanted to reach grandma’s house first.

*II*
The wolf ran as fast as his paws could carry him. He jumped over roots, slipped between trees, until at last he saw a small house with a chimney and a garden full of flowers.

“This must be the place,” he hissed with a smile.

He knocked softly on the door.

“Who’s there?” came Grandma’s weak voice.

“It’s me, Little Red Riding Hood,” said the wolf, pretending to be the girl with a sweet, tiny voice. “I brought you some cake and juice!”

“Oh, come in, my dear!” Grandma called out happily.

The wolf opened the door, leapt inside, and swallowed Grandma in one gulp!

Then he looked around the room, tied Grandma’s scarf around his head, put on her glasses, and lay down in bed.

“Now I’ll just wait for the little one,” he murmured, pulling the blanket up to his chin.

A moment later, quiet footsteps and cheerful humming could be heard in the forest. It was Little Red Riding Hood, who had found the path again and was walking toward Grandma’s house.

She knocked politely on the door.

“Grandma, it’s me! I brought you some cake and juice!”

“Come in, my dear,” answered the wolf, again pretending to be Grandma.

Little Red Riding Hood entered the room. It was dark inside. She walked closer to the bed.

“Grandma, what big ears you have!” she said, surprised.

“All the better to hear you with, my child,” answered the wolf.

“And what big eyes you have!”

“All the better to see you with, my dear,” grinned the wolf.

“And what BIG TEETH you have!” cried the girl in shock.

“All the better to EAT you with!” roared the wolf, and with one big jump he swallowed Little Red Riding Hood whole!

Then he licked his lips happily, lay down comfortably in the bed, and murmured:

“Ah, what a delicious dinner… Now it’s time for a nap.”

And he fell asleep right away, snoring loudly under Grandma’s blanket.
